Readme.md, before:

# Readme Generator

  ![BSD](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/Django)
  
  ## Description
  
  
This is a simple Readme generator for node.js that uses the inquirer package.

  
  ## Table of Contents
  
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#license)
  - [Tests](#license)
  - [Questions](#license)
  
  ## Installation
  
  
- Download files - Install node packages - Run node index.js on command line

  
  ## Usage
  
  
Enter the information asked to automatically generate a Readme

  
  
![Readme Generator webpage working as expected](assets/images/screenshot.png)
  
  ## License
  
  
Copyright (c) 2022, Cesar San All rights reserved.
Licensed under the BSD license. 

  
  
[License](/BSD_license.txt)

  
  ## How to Contribute
  
  
Modifying the generateMarkdown.js function to add sections or style to the Readme

  
  ## Tests
  
  
For testing just follow the Installation Instructions

  
  ## Questions
  
  If you have any question feel free to check my Github
  
[Github](https://github.com/csancheze)

  or send me and email
  
[Email](cesanchezesc@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Fixed the email link not working correct and the links to the license files

Readme.md, after:

# Readme Generator

  ![BSD](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/Django)
  
  ## Description
  
  
This is a Readme generator for node.js using inquirer

  
  ## Table of Contents
  
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#license)
  - [Tests](#license)
  - [Questions](#license)
  
  ## Installation
  
  
- Download files - Be sure to have the packages install - Run

  
  ## Usage
  
  
Enter node index.js on the command line in the folder where files are downloaded and answer the questions

  
  
![Readme Generator webpage working as expected](assets/images/screenshot.png)
  
  ## License
  
  
Copyright (c) 2022, Cesar San All rights reserved.
Licensed under the BSD license. 

  
  
[License](./BSD_license.txt)

  
  ## How to Contribute
  
  
Modify the generateMarkdown.js to add sections or style to the Readme

  
  ## Tests
  
  
For testing just follow the Installation Instructions and Usage Information

  
  ## Questions
  
  If you have any question feel free to check my Github
  
[Github](https://github.com/csancheze)

  or send me and email
  
<cesanchezesc@gmail.com>
